## Step 5. Tie Everything Together with the JSON File

The JSON file tells DevNet the order in which to present the files that compose your Learning Lab. This file has the `.json` filename extension, and it is written in JSON format.

JSON is [JavaScript Object Notation](http://json.org/), a data-interchange format for input and output data. JSON represents data in a human-readable block format that looks similar to
JavaScript. DevNet reads the JSON file to find the following information about your lab:
* The `.md` files that compose your lab and the order in which to present them
* The tags to associate with your lab
* The `byod.html` file, if your lab provides it  

### Content of Your JSON File
Although JSON is a general-purpose format that can be used to describe all sorts of data, DevNet expects the JSON file that describes a Learning Lab to provide a specific set of key/value pairs in the format that the following example code listing shows. Immediately following this code snippet is a description of each key and the value it should provide.
```
{
  "labId": "unique-id-of-your-lab",
  "title": "Title of Your Lab on the DevNet Site",
  "slug": "One-line description of lab goals",
  "time": 45,
  "byod": true,
  "files": [
    {"title": "Getting Started with this technical topic",
      "file": "1.md"},
    {"title": "Step 2: Setting up Your Working Directory and Files",
      "file": "2.md"},
    {"title": "Step 3. Writing Content in Markdown",
      "file": "3.md"},
    {"title": "Step 4. The byod.html File: Helping Users to Bring Their own Devices",
      "file": "4.md"},
  	{"title": "Step 5. Tie Everything Together with the JSON File",
      "file": "5.md"},
  	{"title": "Step 6. Installing and Running the Learning Lab Previewer Tool on Windows 7 Platforms",
      "file": "6.md"},
  	{"title": "Step 7. Installing and Running the Learning Lab Previewer Tool on Linux",
      "file": "7.md"}
  ],
  "tags": [
	{"title": "DevNet Lab Template"}
  ],
  "related": [
    {      
	  "labId": "01-intro-02-overview-of-modules",
	  "title": "Overview of Modules in This Track"
    }
  ],      
  "authors": [
      {"name": "Fudroy Spuddler", "email": "fudroy@cisco.com"}
  ],
  "active": true
}
```
  * `labId` - Unique identifier of the lab. Typically, this value is the name of the folder that contains the `.json` file and all of the other lab files, such as the `.md` files.
  > **Note**: If your lab has already been published it is recommended that you do not change the lab ID. If you do change the ID, you must inform the publisher of this change; otherwise this ID change will result in labs being duplicated in the production environment.
  * `title` - Title that identifies the lab in listings on DevNet.
  * `slug` - A brief description of the lab's purpose or goals; appears beneath the lab title in lab listings.
  * `time` - Estimated number of minutes required to complete the lab; typically, 15 to 45 minutes. If a lab cannot be completed easily in 45 minutes or less, consider splitting it into multiple, shorter labs.
  * `byod` - Set to `true` if the lab provides a `byod.html` file; otherwise, set to `false`.  A lab that requires  special circumstances to complete should set this value to `true` and provide the `byod.html` file. For example, a lab that runs only during a Cisco Live! event would fall into this category.
  * `files` - The markdown files that compose the lab, in the order that DevNet is to present them.
  * `tags` - Categories associated with this lab on the DevNet site. Users select tags to filter the visibility of labs according to subject matter. Users can checkmark tags on the DevNet site to view only labs that carry those tags.  Note that tags are case sensitive. To find a list of valid values, view the __Tags__ list on the DevNet Learning Labs site.
  * `related` - All other labs that are related to this lab should be identified in this list. You will need to provide the ID and title of each related lab.
  * `authors` - Name and email (optional) of author(s).
  * `active` - To make the lab visible to users, set this value to `true`; otherwise, set to `false`.

#### Example JSON File Content
Here's an example of the JSON file for this lab.

```
{
  "labId": "00-labs-01-getting_started",
  "title": "Getting Started with Writing Learning Labs",
  "slug": "Learn about writing DevNet learning labs.",
  "time": 45,
  "byod": true,
  "files": [
    {"title": "1.md"},
    {"title": "2.md"},
    {"title": "3.md"},
    {"title": "4.md"},
    {"title": "5.md"},
    {"title": "6.md"},
    {"title": "7.md"}
  ],
  "tags": [
	{"title": "DevNet Lab Template"}
  ],
  "related": [
    {      
	  "labId": "01-intro-02-overview-of-modules",
	  "title": "Overview of Modules in This Track"
    }
  ],      
  "authors": [
      {"name": "Hank Preston", "email": "hapreston@cisco.com"}
  ],
  "active": true
}
```
### Creating Your Lab's JSON file
To create your lab's JSON file, take the following steps:

1. Create a `.json` file named for the directory that houses your lab.  
For example, if your lab is in the `labs\meraki-rest-api-and-postman` directory, create a file named `meraki-rest-api-and-postman.json` in the `labs\meraki-rest-api-and-postman` directory.

1. Add JSON content that defines your lab.

3. Validate the JSON by pasting the content of your JSON file into a JSON validator such as [http://jsonlint.com](http://jsonlint.com).  Make corrections as necessary to ensure that the content is valid JSON.  
> **Note:** The DevNet publishing engine ignores invalid or incorrectly named JSON files, as well as any markdown pages and tags that such files may specify.  
<br/><br/><br/>

#### Next Step: Install the Learning Lab Previewer to View and Validate the Lab
