## Step 9. Writing Learning Labs - The Next Step

Now that you've learned the concepts and practice of writing a learning lab we suggest that you use one of our provided templates to get started.  

#### Steps to get Started
1. Create your own git repository in Github for the learning labs that you will create and clone this repository to your workstation.

2. Clone the git repository https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/devnet-guidelines by entering on your terminal the command `git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/devnet-guidelines.git`

3. In the **labs** directory locate a template folder such as 00-labs-02-basic_template

4. Copy the template folder such as `00-labs-02-basic_template` into your **labs** directory of your repository files on your workstation.

5. Rename the directory to something that fits your lab title, open the file 1.md and begin editing the file.

6. Use the Learning Lab Previewer tool to preview your work real time.  As you edit and save your markdown files the LLP tool will automatically refresh showing your changes.  You will need to refresh the browser to show changes if you make changes to the json file of a lab.
  * The LLP tool does not entirely reflect how labs will appear in the production environment.  After reviewing labs using the LLP tool, pushing and reviewing the completed labs in the Learning Labs Staged environment is the next step before putting them into production.

7. Refer to this lab as needed for guidelines.
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

#### Congratulations! You've completed the getting started lab! Happy Writing!
